remove dead external hosted articles, add new external hosted article… (#352)
gwtproject/gwt-site: src/main/markdown/articles/articles.md

*   [Dynamite Duo: GWT Boot and Spring Boot](https://medium.com/geekculture/dynamite-duo-gwt-boot-and-spring-boot-e5a966782344) - Contributed by Dr. Lofi Dewanto

Learn how to create a high-quality web application using Java on both the server and client side, utilizing web browsers.

**Externally hosted examples:**

* [webcomponents-gwt-simple-examples](https://github.com/lofidewanto/webcomponents-gwt-simple-examples) - Contributed by Dr. Lofi Dewanto - March 2021

This repository provides a number of examples related to GWT 2 and J2CL.

* [jsinterop-simple-jsframework-example](https://github.com/lofidewanto/jsinterop-simple-jsframework-example) - Contributed by Dr. Lofi Dewanto - August 2021

Simple Example for Accessing JavaScript Frameworks from Java GWT with Elemental2 and very early version of Akasha.

* [gwt-boot-awesome-lili](https://github.com/gwtboot/gwt-boot-awesome-lili) - Contributed by Dr. Lofi Dewanto - January 2023

GWT Boot Awesome Library List (Gwit a LiLi) - Collection of JavaScript Libraries with JsInterop Interfaces and Others.

> If you believe that any resource, article or example should be added, updated or removed from the list, open an issue
> [here](https://github.com/gwtproject/gwt-site).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you believe that any resource, article or example should be added, updated or removed from the list, [open an issue
on our tracker](https://github.com/gwtproject/gwt-site/issues/new/choose).
```

Author: yep, much better. I will replace this in all PRs. I used this phrase in several more places.
